feat: update PR template to include section about diagrams (#1)
tem-energy/.github: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

* Use `closes #123`, if this PR closes a GitHub issue `#123`.
* You can also resolve Sentry issues by including `fixes <SENTRY-SHORT-ID>` in the description.
-->

> ## diagrams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## platform diagrams.
```
```suggestion
## diagrams.
```

<!--

> * Do any ICE panel diagrams need to be updated?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do any Platform Diagrams (https://app.icepanel.io) need to be updated?
```
```suggestion
* Do any ICE panel diagrams need to be updated?
```
